CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing guide
This document serves as a checklist before contributing to this repository.
It includes links to read up on if topics are unclear to you.

This guide mainly focuses on the proper use of Git.

### 1. Before opening an issue
To report a bug/request please file an issue in the right repository
(example for [STM32CubeL5](https://github.com/STMicroelectronics/STM32CubeL5/issues/new/choose)).
But check the following boxes before posting an issue:

- [ ] `Make sure you are using the latest commit (major releases are Tagged, but corrections are available as new commits).`
- [ ] `Make sure your issue is a question/feedback/suggestions RELATED TO the software provided in this repo.` Otherwise, it should be discussed on the [ST Community/STM32 MCUs forum](https://community.st.com/s/group/0F90X000000AXsASAW/stm32-mcus).
- [ ] `Make sure your issue is not already reported/fixed on GitHub or discussed on a previous Issue.` Please refer to this [dashboard](https://github.com/orgs/STMicroelectronics/projects/2) for the list of issues and pull-requests. Do not forget to browse into the **closed** issues.


### 2. Posting the issue
When you have checked the previous boxes. You will find two templates Issues (Bug Report or Other Issue) available in the **Issues** tab of the repo.

### 3. Pull Requests
For the moment, the Pull Request feature is not deployed. STMicrolectronics is working on a Contributor License Agreement procedure.

Commit message:

Update CONTRIBUTING.md and PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md with CLA procedure description and mention that pull-requests are now accepted

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing guide
This document serves as a checklist before contributing to this repository.
It includes links to read up on if topics are unclear to you.

This guide mainly focuses on the proper use of Git.

### 1. Before opening an issue
To report a bug/request please file an issue in the right repository (example for [STM32CubeL5](https://github.com/STMicroelectronics/STM32CubeL5/issues/new/choose)).

Please check the following boxes before posting an issue:
- [ ] `Make sure you are using the latest commit (major releases are Tagged, but corrections are available as new commits).`
- [ ] `Make sure your issue is a question/feedback/suggestions RELATED TO the software provided in this repository.` Otherwise, it should be discussed on the [ST Community/STM32 MCUs forum](https://community.st.com/s/group/0F90X000000AXsASAW/stm32-mcus).
- [ ] `Make sure your issue is not already reported/fixed on GitHub or discussed on a previous issue.` Please refer to this [dashboard](https://github.com/orgs/STMicroelectronics/projects/2) for the list of issues and pull-requests. Do not forget to browse into the **closed** issues.

### 2. Posting the issue
When you have checked the previous boxes. You will find two templates (Bug Report or Other Issue) available in the **Issues** tab of the repository.

### 3. Pull Requests
STMicrolectronics is happy to receive contributions from the community, based on an initial Contributor License Agreement (CLA) procedure.

* If you are an individual writing original source code and you are sure **you own the intellectual property**, then you need to sign an Individual CLA (https://cla.st.com).
* If you work for a company that wants also to allow you to contribute with your work, your company needs to provide a Corporate CLA (https://cla.st.com) mentioning your GitHub account name.
* If you are not sure that a CLA (Individual or Corporate) has been signed for your GitHub account you can check here (https://cla.st.com).

Please note that:
* The Corporate CLA will always take precedence over the Individual CLA.
* One CLA submission is sufficient, for any project proposed by STMicroelectronics.

#### How to proceed

* We recommend to engage first a communication thru an issue, in order to present your proposal. Just to confirm that it corresponds to STMicroelectronics domain or scope.
* Then fork the project to your GitHub account to further develop your contribution. Please use the latest commit version.
* Please, submit one Pull Request for one new feature or proposal. This will ease the analysis and the final merge if accepted.
